# ddmd
ddmd is a Python script for mass deleting Discord DM history.

It creates a macro for deleting private messages on discord and runs it a user determined number of times. It has a user enabled option for overwriting messages with the character "x" prior to deletion. 

To operate, initialize the program and take note of the screen size it presents you with; this is your screen resolution. Use this information to make the nessisary code adjustments so that it works with your resolution (I hope to automate this in the future). Open the Discord desktop application and set the window to full screen. Make sure that the upper left-hand corner is visible while other applications are open, and make sure that the private conversation you want to delete messages from is at the top of the conversations list (i.e your most recent DM). Select that conversation and scroll to where your most recent message starts if it is currently off screen, otherwise leave it where it is. Now run ddmd. You will see the screen flash back and forth between the conversation and the Friends tab (this is normal). The tabs are switched back and forth because Discord wont accept the "up arrow" selection hotkey more than once without leaving the current conversation and returning. The Friends tab was chosen because it is always present and less visually disruptive than other choices when switching back and forth between it and the conversation.

An error that occasionally causes the program to misfunction is if it isn't able to start with your most recent message in the conversation visible on screen. To correct this if it occurs, scroll up to your most recent message in the conversation and reinitialize the program.
